See https://africacdc.org/download/covid-19-infection-prevention-and-control-your-questions-answered/

Version from 1 September 2020 used.

What are effective triage practices in hospitals?
Should triage be carried out by nurses only?
What is the best part of a hospital for carrying out triage?
Is a cloth mask sufficient for use during triage (screening)?
Is infection through one's eyes a high risk?
When must we use eye shields?
Can infected droplets contacting wounds or abrasions cause the disease?
Can cloth masks prevent the transmission of the disease?
Should surgical masks be used by uninfected community members?
How long can we wear the same surgical mask?
Can we reuse N95 respirators and if so for how long?
What can you do to reuse a cloth mask?
What materials are recommended for making cloth masks?
What is the right way to wear a surgical mask?
What should we do with medical or surgical masks after use?
Is it advisable to use alcohol spray on N95 masks after use, or to wash and allow it to dry and reuse?
What face mask is ideal for COVID-19 protection?
Is double masking (N95 mask and then a second surgical mask over the N95 mask) recommended?
Is the effectiveness of N95 masks affected by cream or makeup?
Is a surgical mask a good way to provide protection?
Are there masks suitable for very young children?
What masks should hospital laundry workers wear?
What risks are there from prolonged use of a mask?
Is it OK to sneeze into a mask?
How can healthcare workers protect themselves when there is little or no PPE available?
Should we use a second hood to protect the neck?
In isolation wards should we wear shoe covers?
What PPE should be used with procedures can create aerosols?
Is it OK to don and doff in the same area?
Are gloves recommended in the community?
Is it ok to change gloves in a patient's room?
Should coveralls be worn when taking care of COVID-19 patients?
Is it good practice to change gloves in the period between attending to one patient and another in the isolation ward?
Should you double glove when dealing with COVID-19 patients?
During doffing, when should I remove the respirator?
What PPE should be used in the community?
What is the minimum PPE that personnel at the triage area should have?
How long can one wear the complete PPE for effective protection?
Are the Ebola PPE adequate for working in COVID-19 treatment centres?
Is it necessary to change PPE in the period between attending to one patient and another?
How do we handle tea and lunch break, do we need new PPE when coming from break?
Do we need to disinfect gumboots after doffing?
To make the coronavirus incapable of infecting what disinfectant should I use?
Should we add a disinfectant to water for handwashing?
Should we add PVP-Iodine to nasal spray or mouthwash?
What are the recommendations regarding disinfecting health facilities?
How can we disinfect door handles and wall tiles within the hospital setting?
Does soap inactivate the virus?
What options are there for hand hygiene other than soap?
What comes first cleaning or disinfection?
What can one use to clean and disinfect public places?
What concentration of sodium hypochlorite is recommended for hospital use with the current pandemic?
How should we clean the computer keyboards?
How can we disinfect commonly used items like mobile phones, money, wallets, etc?
Which are the low-touch and which are the high-touch areas in the hospitals?
Is there guidance on cleaning of airports and seaports?
What method is recommended for environmental cleaning in COVID-19 setting, floor cloth or mopping?
How should one disinfect the cuffs on blood pressure machines?
What is recommended for cleaning restrooms?
What is recommended for disposal of isolation facility medical waste?
Should we clean hands with chlorine?
What should we use to disinfect terminals?
How long should the staff wait before using a room after chlorine disinfection?
Are linens decontaminated after washing and drying in the air?
How should we disinfect mattresses?
Should we spray workers before they doff the PPE with a chlorine solution?
Is it recommended that streets be sprayed with disinfectants?
Is it advisable to repurpose places like stadiums, hostels and schools to serve as COVID-19 treatment centres?
Can air-conditioners be used in COVID-19 treatment centres?
What is recommended about keeping isolation wards cool?
Is there a need for HEPA filter in isolation rooms, triage areas, swapping rooms and care areas of COVID-19 patients?
Can a toilet be shared in a quarantine facility?
Should visitors be allowed to visit the isolation facilities?
Can opening windows during transportation help prevent the spread of COVID-19?
What is the recommendation for homecare for confirmed mild cases of COVID-19?
What is the recommendation for vulnerable healthcare workers?
What can healthcare workers do when they come home?
What is recommended about testing of frontline workers caring for COVID-19 patients?
Can a health worker contract covid after leaving an isolation centre from their clothing?
How might healthcare workers contract covid?
What are the best ways of handling covid corpses?
Is it risk of transmission from corpses of family members who died of covid
Why is there inconsistency and divergent views about physical distancing, 1 meter, 1.5 meter, 6 feet and 2 meter?
What should be done to to reduce transmission when overcrowding is unavoidable?
How can pharmacists reduce their risks of transmission from their patients?
What are the best practices for communities in Africa to reduce transmission?
How can one reduce the risk of shopping?
Is there a difference between quarantining and isolating?

And these context-sensitive questions at various points in the LIFE Covid scenario:

Where is the grandmother sitting?
What is meant by ‘breathing adequacy’?
What is meant by ‘assess the airway for secretions’?
What is meant by ‘A’ and ‘B’?
Why AVPU when the child is actively sitting on grandma’s lap, is alert and cooperates?
Why do we give antibiotics if Covid is a virus?
What can we use if we do not have an FFP3 mask? How often should we change our masks?
Why don’t we do chest x rays? Should we do an x ray if a baby is getting worse?
If a mother or relative doesn’t have Covid, is it safe for her to be on the Covid isolation ward?
When do we give steroids?
Why wouldn’t I give grandmother a gown AND a mask?
Why the sniffing position?
Which bronchodilator should I give?
What bronchodilator dose should I give?
How should I administer the metered dose inhaler to a one year old since you would need a spacer device, as a one year old isn’t going to use an inhaler.
How else might you deliver bronchodilator to a baby otherwise if there is no spacer device?
What are the signs of circulatory compromise?
How much fluid should be given in an IV fluid bolus?
What are “other relevant tests” in this case?
What if the baby is sleeping – they would be deemed ‘U’ on AVPU. How would you assess AVPU in a sleeping baby?
Why use AVPU and not the GCS?
How would you assess the baby’s ability to feed?
What if the baby is breast fed? How would you assess feeding status in breast fed baby?
Why would you check blood sugar?
What are the indications for a chest X-ray in a baby with respiratory distress?
How do I calculate the IV maintenance fluids for a 1 year old?
What is the dose of paracetamol for a one year old?
